[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause] [
Music]
[Laughter] [
Music] [
Applause] [
Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Good afternoon José Luis how are you
[Music]
are we are seeing
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
well
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
now yes
[Music]
[Applause] it's
not worth it
[Music]
went He went to the salsería
[Applause]
[Music]
okay let's see eh how are you
family How are you family let's
talk about something here
[Music]
eh I'm deleting that I did it man I
accidentally did it in the in the
salsería
Uh well eh Let's see how it goes  are you going to see this thing
about vertical live shows it's
working very well and it's recommending
very well, well then I'm going to make a lot of videos
in this format
while this goes like this we're going to make
a lot of videos in this format yes it
's true that what I would like to do
would be one in the morning and then the one
at night also broadcast it in both
formats okay like we did yesterday the
salsería which went very well let's see
how long it takes everyone to do
both formats when they see what I
did
last night be careful with the one from the salsería
Catania maybe he doesn't like it oh
my god man I was laughing last night eh I was laughing last night yeah just
look at what I
did last night just look at what I
did last night at the salsería I did
both at the same time both formats at the same time
eh They're already doing it tomorrow they're already
doing it tomorrow this very night
this very night they'll be doing it
[Music]
what happens is that in the morning man
says carmenchu ​​the chat can't be seen well
if it can be seen well
carmenchu ​​what happens  it's that in the
morning I don't live in the morning I can't
live Look at the voice I have
man if they give me here with the kids at
3 or 4 in the
morning if they give me here with the kids at
3 or 4 in the morning it's impossible
man they're already criticizing you that if you
copied someone
else and that it's weird about the visits
who Jose
Luis who Jose
Luis that you
copied Of course
because the vertical live shows were
invented by another youtuber
don't
imagine it no what are you going Look you know
who you know Who was the first to
realize this thing
you know Who was the first to
realize this thing the climber the climber
had a live show the climber had a live show
well first of all the reality is
that the youtubers got
an email we got an email
about three weeks ago we got an
email that said
the vertical live shows start on
YouTube I don't know what I don't know how much it costs
and there I said [ __ ]
vertical live shows out no I'm not interested I
mean I only watch for a different moment
no but  there was a live stream that she did that
suddenly got
twenty thousand views and she was a
live stream because sometimes she
does them vertically because she goes out
or whatever and there was a live stream that got
twenty thousand and
then she herself said damn what
happened she put it in the title and she
put everything in the title YouTube is going
crazy 23,000 views on the live stream and the
son damn I'm still speechless man eh And
the son said mom has
touched something you have touched something eh what have you done
this when I saw that I didn't realize
because I had many times like that I mean I
had many times
eh ha those things suddenly the video that
you least expect it positions you and and
it goes viral Because she feels like it you
know but then there was a second live stream
in which they were talking about us and
she was vertically for some reason
she made the excuse of What's up my
Pablo she made the excuse that she didn't
have internet I don't know what but it
was surely because she had
realized and such and I went to see it to see
what she was saying about
us because no  I know what he said They
told me he said I don't know what no
and And then I went to his live to
see what he said and I saw that he
had 13 14000 views just after the
live closed and there I said yes this is
what happens and I was thinking of
trying it Because of course
I said [ __ ] If these people take advantage and have
these views if I do it this is already
turned off and let's go
but man I was busy with the
preparations for the trip and in the end I went on a
trip and I didn't
do it and damn the first day the first day
that we did it well the other day when I
did it here with alazne no 80 90,000
views but of course it's not 80 it's not 80 and
90,000 views like eh It's not 80 90,000
views like the ones
like the ones of The
horizontal is worth it I mean you don't earn more
money you don't earn more money
Eh yes it's true that it can help you
advertise a little more but in the
end I don't know to what
extent I will be trying it  I will be
trying I will try to do one during the
day
eh I will try to do it in the morning if I
ever wake up in the morning I will do it
in the morning
and Carmen but at the salsería I
am also doing it eh at the salsería I
am always doing it let's see my plan
my plan that as soon as they see me they will
do it Okay save this
click my plan is that as soon as they
see me they will do it the same is in the
morning I will do a little review okay in the
morning a little review with commenting a
direct like This ok today I am going to
do it at noon because I just
woke up but I will do a little review like this for an hour
going over things and such
eh here in an
hour and at night I am going to do
both
formats at night I am going to do
both formats like I did yesterday at the
salsería And that is what as soon as they
see me do it they are going to do it who I know
remembered the story is that when writing
the background It depends on your color of
clothes let's see what I see let's see what I
see on my
mobile it looks like  [ __ ] great man I mean it's
[ __ ] great
for the mobile for the mobile it's [ __ ]
great I'm eh I'm going to have to take
ginger now
eh I'm going to take I'm going to have to take
ginger now don't doubt it He's
making believe that the numbers are Because of
his great racing skills just like that
and as they see what I've done at
night what I'm going to do tonight they're
going to do it tomorrow if not today
because they see it in the salsería because they
keep watching
me but let's see
eh Well let's see it's a new thing on
YouTube now this is like the shorts I mean they're
new things that
YouTube puts up YouTube in the end I sent you a
screenshot by dm let's
see YouTube in the end what it wants is to
copy you man YouTube has never been
interested in either taking over Twitch or
competing with any
streaming platform man his concern is funny they must have
their reasons they must have their
reasons it
looks perfect man I'm already
seeing it rosa The screenshot looks perfect Let's
see it's a format for mobile it's a
format for
mobile it
's a format for mobile and that's it already
Well  I don't
know yes that's true Well Cris if we
do it with two it's also fine if it's
done with two people like the one I did
the other day with Alar it's
also fine I also tell you eh eh I still have
a lot to
polish and configure
Eh I still have a lot to polish and
configure man today I'm going to be
very ass today I'm going to be very ass man I fell
asleep because yesterday I finished eh there I
finished super late
and I'm going to be very ass man today with
everything so we'll see let's
see this girl she doesn't understand it's not like that
craita it's not she's raita No that
rilla is not rilla says when it's going
When it's going when will we see the
moralists of Alanne Helena Carmen
even FJ condemn these atrocities
if these atrocities are condemned
well condemned to see in the sense that
yes it is very wrong but what is that
this
eh this is in It's that not at all It's that
she doesn't care it's that she doesn't
care that I'm [ __ ] I'm
insulting people who
know my mother that no that no that  no that's how it is that way that's how it is that's how it is
that girl who doesn't have to explain it
giving it is going to have to explain it in Vich
the crazy good of the one that follows you will see the
explanations that she is going to give on
television it also looks perfect Candy
very
well let's see me no I'm not going to mess
with her she's a girl who is not very smart
and that's it
and it will end how it will
end but my goodness I am I am I
wake up in the
morning soon Ace aai for sharing her
Twitter the alceo to
kokai I am I wake up in the morning
and something like that I go on Twitter and
here I have all the tweets of the
people who are messing with me with me
okay over here I have
one over here I have this one this is dumb
this is dumb but come on dumb as he is
only dumb as he is
only dumb
Hi, I'm writing to you in case you could
help me because there's a woman on YouTube
who goes too far with her
comments the channel is taking
greener than ever and the owner LoL
huertas and says she has cancer and she doesn't
and she messes with the  dead and on top of that
for lying about a disease that is not a
disease that does not have what it is what it is what's
wrong with you what's the
problem with the clp professor maveri
call scammer now Javi oliveira Hala
scammer too family scammer
too my goodness my goodness this is where it
is delo
responding to Cristal Molly I
know I go around here scrolling and I'm
finding things about
myself a forceful Albert domenec analyzes
the criminals of Kiko Hernández that
point out in a miserable way Antonio
David How what happened you are calling
a criminal
criminal woman we
can't [ __ ] hadn't seen it Kiko
Hernández has messed with Antonio David
Kiko Hernández has messed with Antonio
David in
Instagram stories I mean he has posted some
Instagram stories that says women's day we ca
n't Oh but where can I see them in
full where can I see them in
full where could I see them in
full here man Look
Hala women's day we can't in
his Instagram stories Kiko
Hernández women's day we can't
forget something that touched all of our
hearts
a story from his ex-wife where she defines him
as a
abuser using his children to
commit vicarious violence how disgusting you make me feel
criminal you know what's going on
eh that Kiko Hernandez is very civil man
knows a lot knows a lot how he has to
say things Look if you notice he
tells a story of his ex-wife
where she defines him as an abuser I
mean playing with here with the
ellipsis and here she puts abuser in
capital letters and you when you see the
story you when you see the story you see
the word abuser okay boom
abuser how disgusting you make me feel criminal
eh I mean surely if Antonio David
wanted to denounce Kiko Hernandez then
Kiko Hernandez would pull out that
Antonio David is also messing
with him I don't know what that the word
criminal is being said to him because
Antonio Avil was criminally convicted
for what it was what was called what
Antony Avid Antony Avid was convicted eh
Ah for the fine no but he had a
name I don't remember what that
crime was called for the fine Ah for Antonio
Av he was convicted for the fine that
was a conviction and then he had a
name  I don't remember his name and
then they also convicted him for for for for
putting in for saying that Fidel trafficked
drugs or something like that, you know, so
here it is. This is a war between the
two, I mean, yes, Kiko Hernandez, look at
what I'm going to tell you if Kiko Hernandez
wanted to sue. I mean, no, sorry, if
Antonio David wanted to sue, he would
n't win this, he probably wouldn't win.
Why? Because Anton David
has a ton of live shows where he
also says a ton of things to
Kiko Hernandez, I don't know what, I don't know how much you
know, I mean, it's a
confrontation. You're calling a man a
criminal, a criminal. How disgusting you make me feel.
Look, it's a personal assessment. I
also hate you, Kiko
Hernandez, for example, and it's okay
because it's an assessment, I mean, it wasn't
misappropriation.
That's more than prescribed, yes, a crumb,
but of course, uh, it was a crime committed, not
a crumb. Let's see, I'm not going to call
a person a criminal because he
was convicted once 28 years ago, you
understand, but the war between them,
yes, between them, the war they have,
you know, it didn't have a
name, recently I  They said it but I don't
remember what it was He had a name, he
had a name, he had a
name about the fine, he had a
name, the
crime sometimes you feel disgust for
certain people Look, we
looked for that here Antonio David
convicted Antonio David
Flores convicted
[Music]
look,
sentenced to 6 months in prison for
public embezzlement, public embezzlement, okay, because they
appropriated 50,000 pesetas from a
traffic fine, eh, that they gave to a
French tourist, okay And then they also
convicted him, they convicted him because he said
something to Fidel about the
drug trafficking or something like that. Also, what I don't
remember is if that was civil or
criminal, I would swear it was for slander,
criminal or libel or something like that, and I
also think they also convicted the
Tómbola program. I feel disgust for
many of you who sat on that
set, personally, even so, I try to be
professional and I comment on things. I have
commented on the Netflix series, for
example, the doc reality show, for example, they didn't
condemn the magazine, no crumba, they
condemned him. Look  Come on, if you
want I'll look it up for you too. If you want I'll
look it up for you
too. Come on, anyway, I don't care because these
are very old things, eh. And that's
it. What's happening, man, I'm
telling you things that Kiko Hernández would
hold on to.
[Music]
mm Oh, where could I
find it? They sentenced him to like 3,000
euros or something like that,
eh, this is a tombola, the gamblers, look, I think
this is it, [ __ ], how am I, eh, I'm I'm a wreck,
man. I'm
a wreck. Look at the tombola, the
gamblers, the civil guard wasn't alone
in this circus. He had the help of his
lawyer, the controversial Rodríguez Menéndez. He
tried to torpedo the trial from the
beginning. He doubted the judge's impartiality
and threatened to recuse him and to
sue him when he stopped
speaking.
Ah, but
the sentence isn't here, but come on, they
sentenced him to 3,000, maybe
you don't feel good getting up early anymore. It's
the truth, man,
eh. It's the truth, if I go to bed with
the kids at 3, 4,
or 5 in the morning, while  that I fall asleep of course do
n't pretend the next day no no but
today it got out of hand eh Today today I
slept too much it's 4 in the
afternoon man I still have to eat and everything
eh people who follow it I have commented on it
regardless of the disgust that
certain attitudes can give me you
call him a criminal and you hide behind the
story to start the thing about Women's Day
and Rocío Carrasco
eh what We are celebrating
Women's Day who does not pay
child support Of course I ask because it is Women's Day
that what comes to mind to me is
March 8th if we relate it
to Rocío Carrasco with a person
I insist that what he has done I am going to
tell you clearly
is devise IL banar a parallel trial of
his story because justice at the
time did not rule in his favor something that by the
way is fashionable when justice does
not rule in my favor what I go to is the
media the same ones that
by the way had spit on me had
mistreated me had reported eh little things
that happen I take all that away from them And then
they  standing in protection has hit him
here a sack to Diego Arrabal does not say
something something that by the way is fashionable
when justice does not give me the reason I am going to I am
going to the media not of
mediocre producers eh investigated
For matters that may be
presumably related to the
revelation of sec I
build a story that is
independent of the rulings of
justice a story that is
completely instrumentalized and a
story that is a business with dirama
Catalonia if you allow me like a
farmhouse despite the fact that you tried even
on public television on Women's Day do
not forget you have not
changed absolutely anything nor are you going to
change it nor are you going to change it because the
complaints and This goes for you Kiko
Hernández are made in the courts if you
believe that this man is a criminal
denci if you believe that this man is an
abuser denci
eh here here alber is not 100% eh
For me eh Because look in the first
place in the first place
one thing is being outraged He is getting too outraged and
I wouldn't get so outraged by a person
who doesn't know how to get outraged by you okay eh
Antonio avin hasn't gotten outraged Like
when they've called me an abuser
abuser H extortioner
eh
Well I could I could get bored here I
couldn't we could dedicate a
28 hour live stream here saying all the
slander that's been done to me eh people that
he loves beyond YouTube
Okay then I wouldn't get so outraged
by him either so I would comment on it
as gossip not as salsa ito but of course the thing is that
seeing what he's
saying here is
if you think that this man is an
abuser or a criminal
report him No man that doesn't work like that
I can't report a person
because I think that he has committed a
crime man it depends on the crime
if it is a public crime yes eh Antonio
David The person who
considered that he had violated him already reported
him roso Carrasco hasn't won no never
none of the times well that's it Okay
but that criminal is an insult I mean I
don't think he does  I need to
explain it, what a criminal means, a
criminal is an insult that you
do to a person in a derogatory way
because they are a person who commits
illegalities without more, then
eh, what would Kiko Hernandez hold on to?
Well, Kiko Hernandez would hold on to
several things. Kiko Hernandez would hold on
to the fact that Antonio David also
directly attacks him. I don't know if he's calling him a
criminal, but yes, surely
yes. No, Antonio David can't call
Kiko Hernandez similar things. Well,
surely
yes. Javi, multi-neuronal people get
outraged by behavior
regardless of who does it or
suffers it. Well, I don't give a damn,
no, I don't break my back for anyone who doesn't
break my back for
me, but don't report him on
social media based on an
ambiguous story. No, don't have the balls to
report him. Where do you have to report
the people that you believe are
abusers or criminals or who
exercise their children to commit
vicarious violence? What are you talking about?
Using their children to commit
vicarious violence and  I read a recent sentence
and I see that there is a mother who
has not paid the pension of a little person,
daughter,
son when you when you Let me
tell you Kiko Hernandez you have exercised no no don't make any
mistake says a friend already
but you do not justify the
behavior I do not justify
it I would not tell him I would not do this I mean I no I
am not like Kiko Hernandez do you understand me I no I am not
justifying I
am explaining to you And if you
want to understand you understand and if you don't you do not
understand Well nothing I can't do anything
for you I am I am
explaining to you how Kiko
Hernandez would justify this If Antonio avid says that he
wants to sue him if you
realize let's see one thing is what you get
indignant in your
house one thing is what you get indignant
in your house you can get
very indignant for everyone if you
want okay but then another thing is the
law if you
realize in the law there are things that have
justification then it may seem
better or worse or whatever you want
okay But if they sue you Because you
insult  someone you can
justify it you're going to try to
justify it okay And then here if
Antoni viid I said that I'm going to sue
Kiko Hernandez because he called me an
abuser and a
criminal Well I'm telling you Javi
Oliveira I'm telling
you that I would
justify it Why well very simple
look at a story from his ex where he defines him
as an
abuser okay And then here I would
say no no I haven't called him an
abuser I said that his wife
said in her story his wife made a
story that defines him as an
abuser is it true his ex-wife made
a story where she defines him as an
abuser now is it true or is it a lie
is it a lie no surely No According to the
law no eh but the story defines him as
an
abuser how disgusting you are to me criminal
Well then I would have to start
reviewing if Antonio davía has insulted
Kiko Hernandez in any of his live shows
but come on I imagine that surely
yes I don't know eh But I imagine that
surely they have a mutual fight
Kiko Hernandez has even messed with
his daughter surely Antonio David  and
justifiably he will have also messed
with Kiko Hernandez So you're going to
play with this and Ju tells you Well
look, come on, defend, okay, then this is
covered by Rocio Carrasco's story and
the criminal thing is covered by all
the convictions that Antonio David has, go [ __ ] yourself
Look, eh, Antonio David is not
suing Rocio Carrasco, nor is he suing
Rocio Carrasco, nor has he sued Jorge
Javier, nor has he sued Carlota
Corredera, nor has he sued anyone Why does
n't he sue if all these people call him an
abuser if all these people such Well,
because there are many things they
can
cover themselves with and it becomes worse if he sues him and
loses than if he doesn't
sue them, then something else
is, I'm a judge and I make him do the I
'm a judge and I make him
write stick figures on the blackboard, well, my bad, well, they would
fire you from your job
because judges have to comply with the
laws, it's not what you like or don't
like, but oh well, what is it, eh, I
mean, I'm not trying to justify
Antonio David's behavior or
anything  eh Neither of, I mean sorry, of Kiko
Hernandez nor much less of either of
the two, I mean it's a mutual fight, man,
if you ask me who I
'm on, okay, man, well eh, in
most things, I'm more on
Antonio David's side in this sense because
I believe that you can't put
a label on a person if the law
hasn't said so, okay, I've said it a
lot of times, Antonio David may have
had a lot of behaviors that
are not right, okay, but we can
label him in another way other than
abuser, which is one of the worst
scourges of society today.
Okay, when you, when you, let me
tell you, Kiko Hernandez, you have used
violence against the daughter of this woman
that you are defending on a
television show, and I don't know what's worse,
really, that you now acting as a
standard-bearer on Women's Day, to me, to me,
this term, for example, What's going on,
Elena, to me, this term, for example,
you have used violence also
seems like a very strong term, very strong, I
mean, and I know that Kiko Hernandez has been
very disgusting with  a lot of people among
them with Rocío Flores with Rocío Flores
no the girl is worth it but the word exercise
violence when you
hear it you know it's like something that I
know people get used to a lot
now eh the people of the blue tide do it a
lot eh And it is to use the word
abuser it is to use the word
abuser with everyone now
also at the slightest it is verbal violence
yes Conchita yes surely you will
find a justification if nothing happens
but that is a term or rather
those terms that I hear now of you have
exercised
violence that we are Podemos now Let's see
Kiko Hernández has been very disgusting with
Rocío Flores Kiko Hernández has
insulted her he has belittled her he has been
sexist he has messed with the girl he has
messed with her physique okay But when
you say the term you have exercised
violence
cha
no But if you have told us that the
lawsuits were about to fall no no no no x
cod bit I have not told you that the
lawsuits are about to fall that has been
saying it for 3 years Antonio warning lawyer eh
I echo the news  that they have
given I will have been able to echo
the news that they have given
eh abuser or harasser at the slightest
exactly
Mimi or rather the term
abuser the term abuser I
hear it now from the people of the
blue tide and from Twitter and I don't know what to
say it to presenters and
collaborators but like the one who says
ugly calculation fart
pee I mean to Jorge Javier I say it
all the time to Kiko Hernández they
say it all the time buo the other day the other
day la la Rosario moeda didn't
say it to Kiko
Hernández But you know how he has
treated her he is a type of that yes Conchita
but when you are using that
term if we are defending it for
one side we are not going to justify it
now for the other when you are
using that term you are
trying to give it a stronger tint than what it is he has
been a real sniper
with many women Starting with the daughter
of this lady Rocío Flores who
you put around and a half on television I do
n't know if I am more worried about this or that this
lady not only  He doesn't even flinch at your
story, but on top of that he wants to
take pictures with you and
your friends and your family.
Well, I suppose that Antonio David
Flores will take the appropriate measures.
Yes, Antonio David is going to take the
appropriate measures. He's going to take a ruler and a
meter and he's going to measure it in width and
length. Tavid is not going to sue
Hernandez here for that. Well, that's what
I would obviously do if I were on the
receiving end of all this filth. How do
you like it? How do you like being the
Guardians of Justice? Oh, you haven't
learned anything, or some of you, the majority haven't.
You haven't learned anything, nothing,
absolutely nothing, nothing at all.
But anyway, since I do believe in
justice, the only thing I can tell you is that we'll
talk in a few months. We'll
talk in a few months with
court orders in
between. There are no lawsuits filed, which I
know there are, there will be
personalized ones. And then there. That's
where you have to go all cocky and
tell the judge that this man is a
monster, he has exercised vicarious violence, he is
an abuser, he is a criminal, that's
Shameless has collected in black
through his representative there There are the
social networks Well you must have taken
him you say he has taken 20 visas
Well you must have taken five five
applause five Kiko How great you are what the
balls are
I think that what Kiko Hernández did
is not actionable but well I think that
the persecution that he does to Rocío Carrasco
from his channel is also a kind of
violence well I tell you the same thing but it
seems to me It is a pretty strong term eh Let's
see
I have already said it I mean to me that Antonia
AB is still on her YouTube channel
all the time with Rocío Carrasco if they
work the papers if they work the
cupcakes it seems wrong to all her
audience too and they start sending
emails no eh if they work I don't know what I mean it
seems a bit excessive to me okay
but man I tell you the same thing to use
the terms exercise
violence I mean they are people let's see We
have to keep in mind that they are
people both Antonio and Rocío
Carrasco like Kiko Hernández like all
these Gloria Camila Rocío Flores all
okay they are people who lend themselves to a a
a  environment of strong criticism, that is,
they are people who expose their lives and who
lend themselves to this type of content
and programs precisely with
a condition on the one hand which is to become
very famous and earn a lot of money at the expense
of that is worth it
and but also to endure and support
a lot of criticism with a more
violent tone than the one we have to
endure Maybe people who are not
dedicated to it Well, not me, for example,
I am also exposed, for example, I
am not eh, for example, my life, my life,
my part of my personal life is not
exposed, you cannot start giving your opinions
about me, my house, my family How I take care of
my children, I don't know what, I don't know how much Because
I don't put that in. But for example, I do have to
endure
a greater amount of criticism, let's
say a greater amount of criticism and
even insults, I mean, I
cannot sue for the same thing that Mimi could
sue for, maybe,
me, being a controversial personality on the
internet Well, I also have to
endure a greater amount, you
know, But that's not because
I say so, that's because the law is like
that, says cooking Isabel Javi  it's
violence what JJ did and violence
too, even for mental doctors, yes
cooking everything you want but I'm
sure that if the term violence is
used for something that Antonio David does,
then you don't
like it man please measure the yardsticks
when for me the attitude is as
miserable as everything you denounce
boy so lucky that some of you I think
that you're going to need it because
impunity sooner or later eh It evaporates
and we've seen it eh where were you and
where is the chain I know that some of you
say this is because of it has been because they have
taken away from you sálvame no no no no the
chain eh it started to go downhill without brakes
since the Rocío Carrasco docuseries That
was the great driver and everything that was
generated through the docuseries Do not
distort now that the chain is going
down because it is no longer saved
No if you were there and the chain was already
going down without brakes boy that you
sank it between all of you you have
sunk it in record time, those are
merits that can be given to you or can be given
to  Rocío Carasco and other people
sink a chain for with a chain that
was a prominent leader abyss for
years, I personally now with
time there are things that I no longer
maintain,
okay, many things eh that I no longer
maintain, or rather, I mean, for example, I still
think the same about the dokus series, okay,
because in the end everything that I dismantled about
the doku series, eh, everything that I dismantled about
the dokus series was what I dismantled with
evidence, in addition, eh, with arguments, no, and
paying attention to the docuseries and I was
dismantling what I saw in which they
were lying, okay, but for example, there
are many other things that, seen over
time, look, I thought about Antonio Avi
that he was a different person than the one I
later met, okay, I believed that he was
different to him, and here with me, with his
behavior, the behavior he
had with me later with the people
at YouTube and some little things, I didn't
like, okay, I didn't like how he
behaved with me, I didn't like
how he returned it to me, eh, I didn't
like his attitude with the Lolu
Hertas issue  I didn't like a lot of the things he's
done behind the scenes, movements
and all that. So obviously I'm
never going to agree with that
accusation they're making against him, okay, but with with with the fact that he
has a way of acting,
eh. It's not worth it. I mean, no, on the one hand, and
then the issue of
Sálvame leaving and the issue of
Sálvame leaving, eh. For me it's the collapse
of the
network, okay, the collapse of the network,
the collapse of the network is that they
removed Sálvame, which was the one that moved
everyone's hearts, but not only on
Tele5, but all the surrounding media outlets got
involved with Sálvame, I mean, they
fed off Sálvame, Sálvame was like the
main thing and all the media outlets,
eh, profited. They banned Sálvame,
and now they really did collapse because of,
eh. Not because they had Roscio Carrasco there, I
mean, but because they had Roscio Carrasco
there and they censored opinions, it had to
be all a super unique thought.
and they treated many
collaborators who came to give their opinion to
do their job very badly. I mean, when you invite
collaborators to a program to
work, the nice thing and the
curious thing about inviting collaborators
is that
everyone has their opinion, you know, and
that's why it's so that there is debate and
the problem was that they kicked out those who didn't have the
opinion they liked, they
treated them badly and so on, okay,
but it's not because Rocío Carrasco sinks
a network as such, but because they should have
let Rocío Carrasco
defend herself and tell her story and the
other side too and there would have been
a very powerful gossip. That was the mistake
that I know the mistake is always the woke the
progressive movement H of everything it touches
the mistake is not Roso Carrasco the mistake is
the woke movement the progressive movement is
worth everything everything everything everything it touches the
progressive and the W is a [ __ ] failure, I mean it
happened with the Doritos recently
when they wanted to include the girl, this is
being inclusive, no, and they included a
girl who made pedophile comments
and
Disney has had it happen with many things they've
done with many movements they've
also done w I mean always the
W movement is what one of
all Antonio
David's behaviors are a consequence of yours
Yes of course Conchita surely it's
my fault for however Antonio
David is it won't be because Antonio David has been around for
almost 50 years and has been the
same for most of his life surely
Conchita I am responsible for the
things that Antonio David does of
course surely the fact that
Antonio David takes Loli Huerta and
uploads her live to say everything eh
to the people no Or and he tells Loli
Huertas eh And applauds no to Olih
Huerta who says that she is being
harassed and that they are giving her a hard time
because she no longer donates where she used to donate before
eh And and that she loves them beyond
YouTube surely that is my fault
surely you really have some things
that I don't know if I don't know if the one who is
70 80 years old, I mean I don't know if for me
there are many times that people say  Javi,
why do you mention our age? I'm
going to tell you why I mention
people's ages because for me age is
wisdom, I mean, for me a person of
80, 70, 90 years old is a person who has to teach you
a life lesson, they
are a person who has already lived
a lot, that's me. For example, I have
learned a lot and I don't think the same when I
was
35, now that I am 39, okay. The
mistakes I made when I was 30, 32,
31, 28, well, I'm not going to make them
now because I've already had the
experiences and I've learned, so
for me, a lady of 70, 80 years old who
comes here and tells me about
Antonio David's behavior are
consequences of yours. Well, for
me, this lady Conchita has wasted
her entire life because she is leaving, she is going to leave
this world without having learned anything. I don't
know if she has been stuck in a
shoe box, which is what
happened to this lady, but for me, on the
contrary, for me, a person who is
70, 80 years old  It's not that I'm messing
with her age, on the contrary, she's a
person who has to teach us a
lesson, I mean, look, you know what? I, I
always, always, always, always, and she also
makes me really angry, but that's how it is, I
always have to end up agreeing with
my mother on everything, always, always, always,
my mother, kid, no, this, don't
do it, kid, no, not here, mom, yes,
you don't know, you don't know what it is that
you're
older, she's always right, my mother,
always, always, what my mother told me comes
true. Why? Because she's my
mother, why because she's been through it
before me, so for
a 70, 80, 60, 50-year-old lady to come here
and tell me something like that,
man,
lady, that I fall into
Antonio Avid's behavior and he
sugarcoats me and tells me, I don't know what, I don't know how much,
I say, oh, he's a machine, you know, but no, don't
you see things coming.
Well, that's a
problem,
Anton David, evidently, he's not one of those
things that they accused him of in the
documentary, but man, he's not a
saint either. There are some little things there, there are
some.  things that many people criticized that
if they are true, the way he acts, he goes after
his own interests, he does his
own thing. Look at him, you know the attacks he
makes, aren't they still there today, even today, that
if Rocío Carrasco works in Los
Pastelitos, it seems wrong to her, too, that if she
works on Spanish television, she also
thinks it is wrong. The thing about there are many things that no,
man, they are things that you don't see and
No man, there
are not many things that
no, well, listen to us, the
older ladies and Turn the screen on
normal, well, you see, Conchi, what she
answers you, you know, you don't know how old I
am, always with age, she respects
opinions, I think like Albert, not like
you, very well,
Conchita. I mean, what I have to
read, let's see about Conchita, the
behavior, the bad things that
Antonio David does are consequences of Son, they
are your fault, period. Not about him.
Anyway, family, let's see about K
Middleton, no, let's see with K Middleton, there has
been a problem,
man, with K Middleton, there has been a problem
that I don't understand
much either, eh. I don't know if I'm missing something and
you can
clarify it for me, but I don't know if it will be  the
lack of news on many occasions look
what Milena says says I gave you my
opinion of Antonia from minute
one yes yes yes yes let's see what I'm also
telling you eh I mean that doesn't mean that it doesn't
mean that the other one has also lied a
lot and so on no
but there are some things that there are
some things that no damn and there is
time and there is time and time
in the end time you know what it has to it
goes on showing things it goes on
showing how
one says Mariela Look this is an example
of a person who what I'm telling you
doesn't look their age
Mariela says how broken you are you sue
who you have to sue But let it be
true stop criticizing Antonio David vi
look right now It's close to
50,000 views it's not even been 24 hours
Mariela You are 13 years old because to me you
remind me of my sister when she was 13
and she was a fan of the bastr Boys and she
put the picture of the bastri Boy in her
folder and they are kids that she doesn't know
at all At all and she defended them
as if as if  I knew them pathetic
Mariela pathetic or what is your
argument
Mariela stop criticizing Antonio David
because you say so come on I created
the YouTube channel here to criticize
people and I'm going to do what you want
Mariela I will criticize whoever I want
no no but don't criticize him because he has
50,000 views Hey Mariela Well
look very well I'm happy for him with the
fame he has he should have 300,000
views Okay but you don't have them Mariela
Look I have in last night's live in
last night's live from the
channel La Salsería I have 18,000 in one and
63,000 in the other okay Mariela and then
in the video of the main Channel that I made
last night in which I am saying
goodbye to the sanctuary of Francu this one I
have 50,000 views
Mariela and I don't know how many I will have in the
live from Telesalseo what did I do with
Alena and with FJ But well the views
that like the views give you the  reason no
and the right to criticize or not criticize No,
well I'll tell you the numbers to see if with
that you let me criticize Mariela Mariela
You have 8 mental years You really have 8 mental years I mean what the
hell are you
talking about Yes yes shut up because look don't
criticize Antonio David who has
50,000
visits he is raffi Hidalgo Mariela is Rafi
Hidalgo seriously how do
you know
how do you
know In what are you
basaltic
eh I mean rafid something has 50000
[Laughs]
Nick what a little thing
maybe but it seems very funny to me eh it
seems very funny to me these people
well let's see what K
middleton does let's see what K middleton does
because Well to me with the Middleton thing
something escapes me I don't understand my I don't understand
Okay my I don't understand What is
going on with Kate Middleton I don't
know if it's that people get very
nervous too quickly or what or what is
happening to them or is it that there is a lack of
news I don't know the truth sincerely I do
n't know because of course
eh everything begins  with this statement I
imagine that with all the good intentions
in the world, a statement is posted on their
social media accounts of the
Prince and Princess of Wales,
King on Royal, and on Instagram, also
on Twitter and Instagram, thank you for
your kind wishes and continued support.
Over the past two months,
wishing everyone a happy
mother's day. The Prince and Princess of Wales.
Okay, and they publish a photograph in which
we see Kate Middleton with their children,
okay. So people are starting to
listen to the
news, news in the United Kingdom about
Kate Middleton, as you know, there is
concern in the country about the situation
of the monarchy, King Charles the Third is undergoing
treatment for cancer, his son,
Prince William, devoted to his wife
after a mysterious operation. Well,
today, Kensington Palace has released
the first image of the princess this
year to calm
speculation.
The photo in question is not a simple
photo, it is little less than an event, it
strengthens the hook for the
Crown series. What you hear is their tune, in
case its creators are encouraged to write
new chapters because there is where they see it
and after months of Kate's disappearance
middleton from the public scene for
an operation this seemingly
innocent post has been celebrated in the United
Kingdom as a kind of proof of life is the
most important in many years has
said a chronicler of the royal house of the
publication in which C or Catherine
takes advantage of Mother's Day to
thank her public for their kind
wishes and continued support lafara which
is a simple message of Hey Thank you
Happy Mother's Day For the
last two months a difficult time in the
always difficult day to day life of the winsors
the wild speculations about
the whereabouts and state of health of Kate the
concern for how her husband The
Heir will have handled the absence the
recent diagnosis of cancer of the King
have caused a living that is relieved in the
end seeing the princess with her children
smiling Apparently healthy Well then
the people start to start to look at the
photo and find that there are several
points okay Here the truth is that
we are not even enlarging the photo to the maximum I
can see okay because they say look what
there is a zipper does not match
okay zipper does not match
retouched skirt blurry hand
missing ring okay or so people
realize that  The photo is
edited What does
edited mean? Well, maybe they put
a filter on it Maybe they removed
a wrinkle, I mean, sometimes I
do it on some Instagram photos,
okay, maybe I put a filter on it that
makes my face a little bit thinner,
okay. Well, people realize that
the photo is retouched, but of course I
say, and
what, I don't know if I don't know if you understand my
point, that the photo is retouched and of course
I'm like, so what? And what do we
do? No, it's retouched. Well, look
very
carefully, right? Well, of
course, what I understand
is that, well, a stir forms in two
days with people talking about the
retouched photo. Don't look at the five mistakes that
indicate that Kate Middleton's photo
is manipulated, of course, what I understand
by this concern of people because
the photo is edited is that they are
implying
that K. Middleton doesn't exist that they
put her there with Photoshop, no, I mean, because they are
retouched, I go right now to the
Instagram of whoever you want and
all the
photos are retouched or
either almost all the photos will be retouched Look at Alex How good It is, look, look at that tit Look at that tit, okay, I mean, they're all retouched, well, well, Marta, with all the love Uh, well, be here here Marta, for now she's put a filter on her face, she's
touched the Photo a little bit and she's
put the waist here, I don't know what. I
mean, well, people are talking, of course, what
people are speculating about is what
people are speculating about, I do
n't know if I'm understanding it wrong, that
K Middleton doesn't exist, I mean, I
literally saw people on Twitter
saying that they had
put Kate
Middelton's face on another woman's body,
so this photograph must have been taken
with another woman and they had
put Kate Middelton's face there and it's
like, what does it matter if it's a photograph, eh,
congratulating on Mother's Day, it
could
perfectly well, it could perfectly They've
put
an old photo here,
the photo they say is from the summer And they've
retouched the background and the positions But
why would they retouch anything if it's not
just summer, but if we're in
London, yes, here  It's cloudy even
in
August, Javi's face looks strange
at the neck. But okay, but
let's see, what need would there be?
What need would there be to
put up a post celebrating
Mother's Day? What need would there be to
put up there, uh, to
take and put up a lady
who isn't her and put her face on it?
But it would be as simple as
putting up a
family photo, a photo of her with her
children from when they were born, for example, I mean,
let's see when I put up, for
example, let's see what example I put up. Oh look,
yes, I just recently put up one, ah,
with a dedication to my wife. What was it, what was it? What was it, what was it that I don't remember, it's there, I do
n't remember.
Why was it?
Ah well, no, it wasn't for any special reason. I'm
that romantic. I
love them very much, I'm very much in love and
I'm that romantic. Okay, I don't
need a Mother's Day or a
birthday. No, but I get here and
publish old photos of
us,
okay. What's
up? Well, people are already
smoking a huge joint and they were there.
like speculating no the photo is
retouched damn so much for ass they gave that they
put this they have removed it Well
look here No look They are filters and things no
but here in the community notes
that they have removed it I don't know why they have
removed it they have removed the
community notes okay but they put like
some of these community notes from
Twitter saying the photo is fake I don't know
what I don't know
how much Javi with so much silence and
mystery with her illness it's
logical that she take a happy and healthy photo
and retouch which leads to speculation
but but let's see let's see let's see let's see
rasel let's see it's that we are we
are used to
gossip to being told our whole lives
people let's see if I get it
Imagine me
getting it okay I get it and now suddenly it
comes to me what do I tell you Wait I do
n't I want to invent
something much cho either something something light
something soft Gaston
Teri
okay It's not time no for this no no time
for a Gastoni eh what do I tell you a
sexual virus I who know something that
I don't  I feel like telling you okay something
that I don't feel like telling you I get
sick now and I catch some kind of
illness some virus or
whatever I get involved with seven girls at a
party and they hit me with all kinds of things and I don't
want to
tell you I don't feel like it I have to go to the
hospital of course people start
speculating because they see me coming in and
out you are private but the royal house
no no carmenchu ​​the private life of the
royal house is still private eh
health issues especially in
England health issues especially
in England are private eh here we
are used to seeing
Juan Cabl post a photo of
Queen Letizia spread her legs and
tell him her crotch itches But not there eh
these people the day they get on
YouTube if they see the headlines of some of
these people they are going to put their hands on it and sue
eh we will eh William and Harry do it
Eh they sue the media eh
Listen to me I hide an
illness I don't feel like it I'm just
telling you Hey I'm going to be out for a couple of
months because look something has happened to me I don't  I
feel fine and I have to
be out and now then when I come back
or on Father's Day I upload a photo of myself with
my children What's
going on What's
going on What explanations do I have to
give you
none and the photo is edited
man of course and what's going on let's go
specifically these photographs for example
that you are seeing on screen have
nothing eh these are natural Look this one
has a little bit of a filter too This has
a little bit of a filter in the color eh
no maybe and it's an
Instagram filter eh the one that comes on
Instagram eh And here the
filters didn't even exist eh here look look look at
this This is like this Eh This is like this this was like this well it's not
necessary to me
here I didn't need a filter I
needed a a piece of
work Total they have come out to
apologize they have come out to apologize
Look I'll read the statement to you like many
amateo photographer I do occasionally
experiment with edit
I have everyone Celebrity Had a very
happy mother's day
if you have any questions about the statement or
something
I ask do you have any questions about the
statement that I just read
answer me Yes many
much answer me please  in the chat
Yes very
much a
cooking
not
okay J
goodby so I got to Thailand from Hong
Kong man looks asking if he gets to
Rome asking he takes Yes of cor
very good clear ofc very good clear the
[ __ ] mother the [ __ ] mother let's see I'm
going to translate it not by n but
because it says here okay It says here
like many
amateur photographers from time to time I experiment
with editing I wanted to express my
apologies for any confusion
caused by the family photo we
shared yesterday I hope everyone
celebrating had a very happy
Mother's Day but come on fate you have to go
out fate you have to go out and
apologize to people midelton
apologizes for the manipulation of his
photo and admits that he retouched it I mean look at
you having to go out and give some
explanations that the photo was retouched you
know all the doubts in the world if
nothing's happening why so much mystery Why do
n't they say clearly that it's not okay
to expose yourself in public but it's that it doesn't
have to tell you
anything
Oh and
well
what else do we see out
there Oh what things there are Oh what things there are
What things there are today I have  to
prepare well I'm going to eat Ah what a time
we've been taking the hour okay perfect I'm going to
eat
[Music]
and I'm going to eat And today there's no news
obviously it's 5 in the afternoon I'm going
to eat I'm going to be with the kids for a
while and we'll see you at the live shows tonight
Okay
now my [ __ ] cold won't go away
eh Javi and Joana Well ok I'll
give Joana a little tap later to see if she
wants to stop by the
live show later at night I said
okay are you going to have lunch or a
snack No man no I'm not going to eat And I'll
probably go to the gym for a while
eh I'm going to leave everything prepared here
while I eat the live show
tonight and so on And I'll probably go to the
gym for a while there'll be a salsería today Javi
man I hope so btic I hope so I
hope so Anyways at the
salsería last night when we finished the
live show I uploaded some things
Hey all the channels are working well
eh How well all the channels are working
when I get back eh How well
everything has worked
man everything is really working
divine  the newscasts that we uploaded
yesterday
eh the
excerpts everything man
the whole newscast already has 30,000
views the one from Ah well the newscast
here the one that didn't work very well It was
uploaded very late
man it was uploaded very
late it was uploaded very late the newscast
Lucía pariente attacks Antonio David
look at yourselves it's
worth it Yes yes think Go tonight here the
live is going to be in double format
vertically so they want it vertically and
horizontally so they want it
horizontally and I can tell you when they
see it they're all going to be doing it the
same I've already seen you Elena I've already
seen it and also I loved the title
and everything came out here when I was
opening it came out here when I was
opening well people
mm about Terelu what is it about
Terelu Let's see it in case we have to upload
an excerpt Where can I see it who
uploaded it who uploaded it those from
Terelu come on let's see it in case Luar
is here Luar is
here send it to me Mimi send it to me and we'll see it
come on before I go come on  luar is
here because These are today's news hits Javi We
can't keep up with so much
programming You have to ask for a
leave of absence to see everything you upload Of
course, let's see, it's my job, my box
I'm uploading everything, everything, everything, and now
you guys choose the content you
want to see Oh, look what I have
prepared Look what I have prepared
to upload to Twitter
Look, look, look, you're going to love it I have it
prepared to put it on Twitter The thing is, I do
n't know what to write on it,
man
Look, it's gonna bother me
[Music]
Wow, how cool, please I want it, but
you
[Music] I
want it
cool What's up,
good morning Hey, hey, you, what's up Are you doing? What are you doing? What's wrong? Whatever
you
say, my sister, whatever you say, my
sister is chewing on my shoe, you piece of
thug, son of a [ __ ] Hey, I told you
no, man, I told you no
[Music]
Man, he doesn't give a damn, have you
seen the video?
Have you seen the whole video, man, it's awesome,
eh, the one from the main channel  eh
I remember those full live shows
for members with the thumbnail in green,
damn Salvador but that, damn but
Salvador that was
very, ...
instagram
[Music]
also
car to bother me
and on the cover what are we going to
put on the
cover of the cover plexi
no
well it's already there I'm going to put the
lizard on the cover
No yes I'm going to put the
[Music]
lizard place Thailand they're
going to put my Helena live
Now no now you go
there the thing about the Outtakes sounds very
good but there are no outtakes we have put them
all Javi You can't do double
live on telesalseo yes We will do it mu
in fact it's what I told you that
surely what I eat how I'm going to
do it today already You'll see how we're going to
do it tonight here in tesa to the
seo when they see it you'll see how long it's
going to take to do it
all we'll do a ray of that for Elena
Elena Open that we're going to do a
ray let's see let's see one more thing that
Mimi sent me let's see one more thing It turns out that they
just published last minute
very late hour well last minute
But put here that it's from Saturday  eh I mean
the news just came out for
some reason But put here that it's since
Saturday last hour last hour
Terelu
Campos admitted to the emergency room with
pneumonia Come on Elena, go put it Go
open it now I'll do it for you You have to be
open so I can do it to you And
that clip is going to be cut What I just
told you, you
hater, you have information at the
Jiménez
Díaz Foundation She has been admitted since Saturday due
to complications from her
respiratory condition Pilar Vidal has confirmed
that she's progressing well Let's see This is because she
smokes like a truck She always has everything
clear It's that tobacco takes its
toll and don't
tell me what a waste of money and what a
waste of time tobacco is
eh what a waste of money and what a waste of
time tobacco is of money of
time and I mean it's hurting
yourself it's hurting yourself
man I know it takes a lot of work no
but well if you want to you quit and that's it I mean it
's as simple as I don't
do it
anymore I don't do it
better I don't know if it's because of the tobacco
okay pneumonia it could be because let's see it
could surely be accentuated  and
worsened by tobacco okay
but 17 months since I quit smoking I have been
without smoking for many years now, I have
smoked well at times I have smoked a
lot, I have smoked a lot at times
but the truth is that
smoking has never been very good for me
Eh I am taking the pills to
quit, I have been for 5 days now yes and it is not better to
quit without pills or anything I lailo I mean like you
don't buy more tobacco and that's it you are like
that eh I mean I smoked eh And
I would sit here at the computer let's say
I was here on YouTube smoking and I would
sit here at the computer and it was smoking
smoking of course here at the computer you get involved and you get
involved but it has never never
been good for me I would get more tired
always when I smoked I was always
more tired more lazy more you know and and
suddenly I stopped wanting to smoke
the truth is I stopped wanting to
smoke and and so radically I went back to smoking with the
pandemic thing okay I went back to
smoking with the pandemic thing eh
Because we were locked up at home and
Lorena and I said come on  let's have
a cigarette watching
Temptation Island I think it was no and a
cigarette at night turned
into smoking all day long okay
And and during the day no, during the day I didn't
like to smoke I don't know why I was
lazy I was lazy during the day to smoke
right after waking up or whatever you know and
[Music]
and I quit quickly as soon as we
finished this whole covid thing we were
already going out the whole thing
I say eh Lorena this out eh ads I quit
before and I told her man is here I
don't like my partner smoking I mean I don't
like having to be kissing you and it tastes like
tobacco no that can't be and she
quit without a problem either there
's no way the chat doesn't
get in my image I don't see Javi
yeah Angeles yes yes be you have to
get used to it but yes you grab it and remove it
quickly I'm glad you have it under
control no no I just don't feel like it
in fact on some occasions when it
's a wedding I smoke one of those cigars no
Or when it's a
look at New Year's Eve I was with my
cousins ​​and I smoked a cigarette I was
smoking them and I said give me a cigarette come on and I
went to smoke it and it tasted awful and I said I do
n't feel like doing this but there are times
when I'm drinking some Cuba tias
or whatever I start smoking a
cigarette or a cigar from that wedding thing
and I
don't feel like doing any more you know I mean no, not
that I wouldn't smoke no way the truth is
I don't think I would fall back in life you
never know no you never know what can
happen but I would never go back I think
never it's very difficult for me to
go back And well nothing I wish the
best to Terelu I don't know if it has to do
with this pneumonia can be very
very bad pneumonia can be very
bad pneumonia can be very very
complicated eh pneumonia can get
complicated and it can really give you a hard time
eh it can be very bad eh And the
truth is that well if you're saying here
Pilar Vidal that she's evolving well then I
trust that in that she calls me a lot
Attention man, nothing has leaked in two days,
but well, let's see, it was on
Saturday, maybe it was
Saturday afternoon, at night or
noon or whatever, they don't tell
anyone, they take her and such, what happened on
Sunday wasn't there either, not many from the
heart, not enough for the
news to come out, at most it could have gone out at a
party if no one found out about the party and
no one from, but it's strange that the
reading people didn't find out or something like that,
but well,
look, but well, look, well, we'll keep you
informed with what comes out,
admitted to the emergency room, eh, and the sister in
and the sister in survivors who wants to leave,
the surviving sister who
wants to, shotgun from there, well Elena,
have you done the live show to do the
Ray or
what, do you have it
open? Well, I think it'll work for me. I think it'll work for me, let's
see, I'm going to
try to do the Ray to Alena, I don't know
if the
Ray can't be done the Ray in this format,
hiin,
comments,
tag, there's no
Ray, audience. Look, there's no Ray in this format.
Oh, there's no Ray. Well, you're going to do it yourself, you're going to do it yourself, you
're going to do it yourself,
artisanally  You
see this format is not valid
Javi Well then it goes there bro it's
okay Hey I'm going to eat I'm going to eat and
I'll go for the gin most
likely I'm going to eat and I'll go for
the gin most
likely they have lost their importance
in certain words well people I've
said it a big kiss for the I'm going to
prepare the live show to
be here with
you at night Thank you very much for the
little while and see you later handsome